Add note to the alias configuration property (#1055)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/advanced/configuration.mdx

}`}</Code>
</Example>

<Note>

>   Aliases from the `now.json` file will be **ignored** when there are domains that were configured for the project over the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Aliases from a `now.json` file will be **ignored** when there are domains that have been <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/custom-domains/#deploying-with-your-domain">configured for the project through the dashboard</GenericLink>.
```
